I have everything here
They are priceless national treasures
mistress
Don't think you missed the opportunity by mistake
You can talk nonsense here
Master Huang, these things are worth a lot of money, right?
Not much, just a few billion.
These hundreds of millions, hehe
Boss Huang
How much is this plate?
5 million
Wow
Humph you
What are you doing?
Damn you dare to smash my baby
You are courting death, you have such a nice house
Why did you return it?
Just swallow skin
If you return it, just return it.
You are talking nonsense. You say it's fake.
What evidence do you have?
Yes, if you can't show evidence today, get out
You will compensate according to the ruler of this value.
Or I'll keep you from leaving my room door
Well, I'll prove it to you.
Look what this is
This fake this
This is a master
It specializes in modern inspection.
He liked to write fake characters in the middle of these porcelain
To deceive those of you who don't understand
What are you talking about?